I want to book you the most luxurious hotel in Yunzhou
Host the most luxurious birthday party
I don't need this.
I said yes
Your mother takes care of you every day
With your stepmother, you can play however you want
Ah.
No, I mean, it's extravagant.
It's not good if you scare my classmates
What you said makes sense.
Then put a layer on it.
I remember a hotel called Windron
Not bad Winderon Hotel
The Hanging Garden.
But it is the top sky garden in Yunzhou
Not top
How can I be worthy of my daughter, don't refuse
He also means well
Yeah, alright. Do you want to thank who?
What do you call it?
Thank you, sister.
You have to call me stepmother
Stepmother is too ugly
Then you can call me little mom and listen
Call mom
Zhenzhen, who do you chat with when you don't sleep in the middle of the night?
I, I, I, I, I called the doll
Go to sleep now
Go to bed early.
My mom checked
I won't tell you yet.
Hang up bye
Xiaoyun Xiaoyun
The eldest sister prepared a private jet for me
I'm going to go shopping at the high-end mall on Hong Kong Island
A birthday present for my goddaughter
Can't you buy it in Yunzhou?
What can be used in this small place in Yunzhou?
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and prepare for me
Yes
What about you? Why not?
That's my goddaughter
Do you need it?
I have money for this.
It's for you to buy my goddaughter a birthday present
This one
But Xianguo Bank specially provides the Tiandi Alliance black gold card.
You were on the 01st back then, and you cancelled it yourself.
Take it and buy a car for my goddaughter as a gift
The big surprise is behind